The Oatmeal's lawyer responds to FunnyJunk (scribd)
Newegg Still Telling Customers That Installing New OS Violates Return Policy
A Skype call in Ethiopia will now get you 15 years in prison
How 30 days without Social Media changed my life
Snow Crash movie to be written and directed by Joe Cornish
Announcing SPDY draft 2 implementation in nginx
Why your web framework should not adopt Rack API
Dropbox' Public/ folders will be phased out soon
It all began with a strange email
9-Year-Old Who Changed School Lunches Silenced By Politicians
Introducing SPDY
The new macbook pro is nearly unserviceable. But should we really blame Apple?
My Perception of CoffeeScript
Wakoopa Social is shutting down
Get Patrick's laptop
Redundant Array of Flaky Connections
Haskell opengl mandelbrot 
Bridges, String art, and Bezier Curves
Show HN: Easel, web design in the browser
Yammer agrees to Microsoft's $1 billion acquisition offer
Coldplay Wristbands Turn Audience Into Giant LED Display
Heroku down?
Amazon EC2 down?
A game theoretic approach to the toilet seat problem
Kittydar – Face detection for cats
All that is wrong with the Recruitment Industry
Peter Thiel’s CS183: Startup - Class 19 Notes Essay—Stagnation or Singularity?
The Streisand Effect: When censorship backfires
How to Talk to Human Beings
June 30th 2012 will be 1 second longer: 23:59:60
Amazon RDS failure - data has been lost
Net neutrality could be a victim under an ITU Internet takeover
Google+ loses key partners as PopCap, Wooga pull games 
What the hell does ≡ do, anyway?
Poor design & management is bigger issue of AWS outage
A Comparison of Boston and Silicon Valley With Some Depth
AngularJS 1.0 released
How to be completely Anonymous online
Skype 4.0 for Linux
Voyager 1 about to enter interstellar space
Lawyer attacking The Oatmeal shocked by big mean Internet’s reaction
How Apple Store Seduces You With the Tilt of Its Laptops
Show HN: WebGL + backbone + socket.io + last.fm = SolariBoard
Product Manager to drive an ambitious travel product roadmap (YC S12)
Dear Apple, please drop NDA for Web Technologies
Titan: A Highly Scalable, Distributed Graph Database
Hacking and defeating Google's reCAPTCHA with a 99% accuracy
Show HN: epistly, hand written notes for busy people
Letter from Ronald Reagan to his son
Five questions to answer before creating your first product
Traditional Mail is More Efficient Than Online Advertising Methods
Nook Touch Hacked To Be A Classic Macintosh
Memshrink's 1st birthday
Can a person be identified by just the way they type? 
Rob Pike: "Current Unix tools are weakened by the built-in concept of a line"
How SoundCloud built its new single-page main website using Backbone.js
Starting your own company
G-WAN Captcha Decode
Enterprise class Java code
Kogan imposes a tax on IE7 shoppers
Famous Cave Paintings Might Not Be From Humans
JavaScript is not suitable for large web apps
First revision of nginx/spdy
Backbone.js views done right
Attack the Block’s Joe Cornish To Direct Cyberpunk Classic Snow Crash
The Silencing of Maya
Netflix Operations: Part I, Going Distributed 
C vs GO
Ask HN: Feedback and advice on startup Sqardius
Why Google+ Can Still Beat Facebook
Mozilla Thimble - Learning HTML, CSS and More
Microsoft May Debut Home-Grown Tablet Monday
Apple's "benign dictatorship" of the App Store leaves users, devs in the dark.
FBI told to copy seized Dotcom data and return it for his defense
Why Privacy Matters Even if You Have 'Nothing to Hide'
Hello Opera 12
Inside the Midwest's Secretive and Scrappy Start-up Scene
NeverSeconds blogger Martha Payne school dinner photo ban lifted
Microsoft to Introduce its Own iPad Competitor
Your Coding Philosophies are Irrelevant
Advice to (prospective) grad students
Using Schema-less in Django with Postgres
Reddit bans The Atlantic, Businessweek, others in major anti-spam move
DRM in the cinema
Meet The Drapers, The Family That Defined Silicon Valley's Venture Capital Scene
Ask HN: Review my startup (SNS for Creatives)
Programmer Time Translation Table
Could you clone Dribbble using WordPress and a handfull of free plugins?
Software For Underserved Markets [2010]
Show HN: Keys, Mac app for learning typing
Nokia Implodes, Taking Microsoft's Mobile Dreams Down With It
Ruby: Is &! documented anywhere?
Who's Using Pinterest Anyway? 
Siri Stays Paralyzed Without Local Search in Most Countries
Ask HN: Domain names you bought for a start-up that never happened
How To Retarget the GNU Toolchain in 21 Patches
GCC 4.7.1 released
Start using scrypt with Python and Postgres to store passwords
Android developers can now reply to Play Store reviews
Lone Senator Blocks Renewal of NSA Wiretap Program
Google trends: Facebook
Ask HN: Is saying "I don't know during an interview" something negative? 
Show HN: A different kind of coloring book for kids (Android). Simple and clean.
How to answer a question: a simple system
Dwindling Support for Third-World Languages in Modern OSes
Tell HN:  Heroku is Down (update: recovering as of 10PM PST)
NeverSeconds blogger Martha Payne 'banned' from taking school dinner photos
DragonBox: Algebra beats Angry birds
Sleep mask helps users control their dreams
Zeus: Windows programmer's editor/IDE
The College Graduate as Collateral
The Mythical "A" Player and The CEO's Real Job
Statement on school meals from Argyll and Bute Council | Argyll and Bute Council
Mobile hacker? Want to have a big impact? Join SendHub (YC W12)
Rockstar condemns Max Payne 3 cheaters to play only against each other
Raganwald's Nifty Fifty
Apple now requires user permission in iOS 6 before apps can access private data
AWS Support Expands Free Tier, Adds New Features, Lowers Prices
Ask HN: I have a startup but no marketing budget, how to promote?
The Kick: portable lighting studio for iphones & DSLR's
"Eve" automatically reads, sorts and generate new knowledge and/or content.
Vizio reboots the PC: a quiet American success story takes on sleeping giants
Python for Humans [video]
First Painters May Have Been Neanderthal, Not Human
Show HN: A standards-compliant 3d compass implementation for *the web*
Civ II game a decade old
New Investment Firm Has $25 Million to Fund Robotics Startups
Is NewMail the new Hotmail? Microsoft's Strategy for Gmail
A million miles from Silicon Valley
The Struggle
Using unix as your IDE
Making money with a product: a myth?
NeverSeconds - Martha Payne is fundraising for Mary's Meals
Children Born to Older Fathers and Grandfathers May Live Longer
Tired of relying on your resume to find a job?  Here's a new idea: The Un-Resume
More than two external displays.. with a laptop 
How To Be A Successful Entrepreneur
[STackoverflow]: What's your most controversial programming opinion?
Can We Reverse The Stanford Prison Experiment?
The New MacBook Pro: Unfixable, Unhackable, Untenable
Your Coding Philosophies are Irrelevant - PlanetErlang
Linux: Using goto In Kernel Code
Apps for Apes
Veg Allowed To Keep Taking Photos
Facebook Users For Verified Phone Number as Security Measure
Fabtools: Fabric for humans
Ethiopian Government Bans Skype, Google Talk And All Other VoIP Services
Show HN: Online automated drawing lessons
Show HN: iPad publishing on the web with jQuery PageSwipe
Building a mongodb clone in postgres part 2
Take time out, particularly when you're really busy.
Hit Publish : Even if it sucks
Has a New Ten-Legged Species Evolved Beneath Rome?
Sublime Text 2 - Useful Shortcuts
Catching AuthTokens in the Wild The Insecurity of Google's ClientLogin Protocol
OpenSUSE 12.2 delayed again, project looks to reorganize
Is One Company About to Lock Up the Electronic Medical Records Market?
Why use Scala
Linus Torvalds on history of Linux, Git & coding (video)
Does torture matter if they won't remember it?
The care and feeding of software engineers (or, why engineers are grumpy)
Moving from Apps to Services
Money Orgies: Investors Who Love Them, and Entrepreneurs Who Don't
Best Hiring Practices
Ask HN: Service that sends 0-day security bulletins only for software we use?
Ask HN: How far can you go when disparaging a competitor in your marketing copy?
Not as SPDY as You Thought
A Skeptic’s CoffeeScript Experience
Your City Wants to be the Next Silicon Valley?
Paul Graham's Letter to YC Companies
A VC is a co-founder you can’t fire
Ask HN: Best way to word contact with owner of domain you want
The Evolution of the Computer Science Degree
Ask HN: why is bookmark syncing so hard?
Show HN: The problem with .apple [remove the dot]
Ask HN: I am lazy and cannot focus but I really want to learn new things
Ask HN: I got the job, but how do I get a place to live?
Is anyone else worried about Apple's focus with maps?
Show HN Aftermath: Releasing Followords.com this morning
Ask HN: Feedback on startup, Fol.io
Ask HN:  Who do you follow for inspiration and advice?
Ask HN: Validate my bill collection system idea
Show HN: Wayback Letter - Looking back at 5+ years of Hacker News
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (June 2012)
How does JSFiddle monetize?
Ask HN: Negotiating for ownership in a client's company
Ask HN: Quadrotor-based sky advertisements
Ask HN: Serendipity and chasing what you love?
Show HN: My first webapp - cheatsheets that help you prepare for job interviews
Ask HN: Best way to react when your tech demo fails?
How to deal with lazy people in a startup?
Ask HN: make consumer social web MVP and not registering company?
10 Timeframes
Tell HN: The US crowd-funding model already exists
Rate my startup: Appfail.net
Ask HN: Mathematical optimization API
On homogenization and gaming’s spleen
Ask HN: I'm creating an app that will help hospitals' processes. I need advice
Ask HN: Freelancer? Seeking freelancer? (June 2012)
Ask HN: What's the best place to find freelance Copywriters?
Ask HN: Favorite HN threads of all time
Ask HN: Why does this search not work?
Python Application Deployment with Native Packages
An Open Letter to Zee Kane and TNW Regarding Proper Attribution
Ask: What are some of the scientific theories useful in life and career context?
Has the FeeFighters Samurai gateway been shuttered?
Ask HN: Critique/review my first app, Milestone
Ask HN: Best note-taking device?
Ask HN: Why Net 30? Why not pay immediately?
Ask HN: "I have my whole life ahead of me and no real ideas or passion like you"
Ask HN: What attire is appropriate for interviewing with a startup?
Ask HN: Is visiting sites like this worth it?  Does it provide a high ROI?
Ask HN: how do you know if you have a secret, just wrong?  (from Thiel lectures)
Ask HN: Review my video startup, mixy.tv
Ask HN: Where to get quality market research data and analysis?
Ask HN: What is your single favorite song to listen to while hacking?
Ask HN: Aren't the HN voting buttons too small?
Ask HN: Career advice, please
Ask HN: How to reward beta testers?
Ask HN: How much do employers value an online portfolio/blog?
Ask HN: My wife needs something to do from home to make money...
Ask HN: How do you manage/store your ideas? (I'm building a tool)
Mary Meeker's Latest Presentation About The State Of The Web
Microsoft using WebKit for their Bing PagePreview feature?
Ask HN: Twitter Bootstrap for "everyone else"?
Ask HN: How do I find a small (inexpensive) design/programming firm?
I burned out at BigCo.  Am I a fool for thinking I can avoid this at a startup?
Show HN: Open Source DIY Electronic Derailleur
Ask HN: How did you find collaborators for your projects?
Ask HN: If a startup is looking for investments is because can't generate money?
Ask HN: why use tmux if iterm2 provides tabbed windows
Ask HN: How to go from a Django app to Android app.
Should I develop Windows metro style apps?
Great books for learning modern web application architectures?
Ask HN: How can I make my blog better?
Ask HN: What to do with Clojure/FP?
Ask HN: Is there anybody collecting pain?
Ask HN: Best intro marketing books?
Ask HN: Would you like a free invite to our SC2 tourney in SF on June 13th?
Ask HN: Recommended Online Coding Courses?
The End of the Road for the actual American pastime…TV
Show HN: Muxamp, a unified playlist for YouTube and SoundCloud
Kevin Systrom and Programming
Ask HN: Must read non-programming computer science books?
Tell HN: Microsoft stole my SlideShare presentation
Managing Security Requirements in Agile Projects
Ask HN: Movies for Hackers?
Ask HN: What skills do I need before tackling The Algorithm Design Manual?
Demos as Part of a Development Process
Ask HN: Any startups renting desk space+wifi in SF for less then $200/month?
Ask HN: So I do want to be a programmer, where do I start?
Ask HN: Any advice for a lead developer starting a new development team?
How much do you think it costs to keep News.YCombinator.com operating?
LEAP: accurate real-time motion tracking
Hadoop: Cloudera or Hortonworks training?
Show HN: Bookmarklet to open HN pages with HN mobile app.
Ask HN: Which do you read on HN first (article or comments)?
Ask HN: Dev Bootcamp sounds great - but what about visa when finished?
Ask HN: I need your help naming our science startup
Ask HN: Clojure code worth reading?
Ask HN: Should I buy Facebook stock while the price is low?
Geocities just won't die - advice?
What are the drawbacks of forcing companies to reveal their password schemes?
Ask HN: What to do now - Go advertising or find sponsors?
My startup is looking for some help. Was previously on TechCrunch.
Ask HN: How do I market this thing?
Ask HN: Startup asking me to sign NDA after I quit.
Ask HN:Data collection methods used by sites like foursquare and yelp?
Ask HN: Image processing as a service (IpAAS?)
Ask HN: How to stop Google Plus spamming someone when I add them to my circles?
Ask HN:  First Day of Software Development Internship
Ask HN: Please check our project - MiBuzz.tv
Ask HN: Where is the best place to learn Ruby?
Ask HN: Anyone else in Adelaide, Australia?
Ask HN: Event loop vs. Threads
Ask HN: What's the easiest way to add invite codes
Is it possible to become 'excellent' at both design and coding?
Ask HN: Should I build this web app (available domains)?
Ask HN: Does lucid dreaming help for people in (y)our line of work?
List of Resources for Learning Ruby
Why are we able to share any Facebook photo by copying its URL
Someone has launched the same niche website idea as me. Do I abandon the idea?
ASK HN: How could I make a web app payable?
Why I don't pledge for Carmageddon
Ask HN: What text editor do you use and why?
Ask HN: OLAP and Reporting that feels like 2012
Ask HN: How have you hacked user acquisition using a mobile app?
Ask HN: Do you read an article or its comments first?
How could i grab a website and execute js on this site to get the complete dom?
Ask HN: Do you put your Git repositories in Dropbox?
We're turning off Clickpass March 15. How to keep your HN account.
Facebook 'EOF' Error
Show HN: Is this useful to those of you hiring programmers?
How to Find a Online Software Job?
Ask HN: Best Python web framework
Are there any software companies that treat Software Developers as Partners?
Ask HN: What sort of startup talk is allowed at work?
Start-Up Chile team looking for UX/Designer
Which is the best text editor do you prefer?
Ask HN: quit programmer job to get any non-programmer one?
